.TH goat
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B goat
Analayse raw trees output by AcquRoot class TA2GoAT
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B goat
[\fBconfigfile]
[\fB\-n]
[\fB\-f\fR \fIfilename\fR]
[\fB\-d\fR \fIdirectory\fR]
.B ...
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR configfile
Specify a config file (see examples in directory configfiles)
.TP
.BR \-f ", " \fIfilename\fR
Set a single input file name (ex. Acqu_XXX.root)
.TP
.BR \-d ", " \fIdirectory\fR
Set the input directory. 
If no input file name is set, all files within directory are analysed. Note: searches for default name Acqu_XXX.root
.TP
.BR \-p ", " \fIprefix\fR
Set the input prefix. Input prefix is used when searching directory for files. Note: searches for default name prefix_XXX.root
.TP
.BR \-F ", " \fIfilename\fR
Set a single output file name (ex. GoAT_XXX.root). If no output file name is set, default is chosen as GoAT_XXX.root
.TP
.BR \-D ", " \fIdirectory\fR
Set the output directory. 
If no output folder is set, input folder is used. 
.TP
.BR \-P ", " \fIprefix\fR
Set the output prefix. Output prefix is used when setting output names automatically. If set, default output name is prefix_XXX.root
.TP
.BR \-n 
Do not overwrite output files (skips input file)

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.BR "./build/bin/goat -d /scratch/Acqu/ -D /scratch/GoAT/ GoAT-Eta.dat -n"

This command will search for all files in directory /scratch/Acqu/ for files which match the format Acqu_XXX.root. All files will be analysed and output to the directory /scratch/GoAT/ with a format GoAT_XXX.root. The file GoAT-Eta.dat is used to set all config parameters. No-clobber option is set, if output file already exists, input file will be skipped.

.TP
.BR "./build/bin/goat -f Acqu_CB_300.root -P Batman GoAT-Pi0.dat "

This command will analyse file Acqu_CB_300.root (in current directory). Output file will be named Batman_CB_300.root. The file GoAT-Pi0.dat is used to set all config parameters.

.SH
.SH Author: C. Collicott
